# Disclaimer
This is a living document; changes will be published at any time.
## Submitting changes to the code
I have tried to keep the code as performant as possible without causing false positives. With that said, there's always a way to optimize code, especially when said code is a backwards iterating forloop hooked to a `PlayLayer` function that runs during nearly every frame while a level is active. If you feel like there's a performance improvement to be made somewhere, feel free to fork the source code and mess around until you find something that works.
## Submitting death messages
There's a certain level of quality/humor that needs to be maintained with the messages featured in DisturbingNewBests. (Whether or not that specific level of quality/humor meets your personal preferences is not my concern.)
Here are the most obvious guidelines:
- No profanity, slurs, or sexually suggestive themes. (This is not a rule by personal choice; please see the last item of https://docs.geode-sdk.org/mods/guidelines#hardrejection-rules. I'm not trying to get myself banned from the Geode index again.)
- The more relevant it is to failing a level in Geometry Dash, the better. (How strongly a message is relevant to failing a level may vary per person; quotes doesn't have to perfectly encapsulate every possible scenario.)
- Don't worry about keeping the quote count at exactly 40 messages; submit as many or as few as you'd like and I'll weed out the weaker messages from the previous batch.
### `default.txt` Guidelines
Let's be real: some of the quotes in `default.txt` are clearly there to pad the line count. If you feel that you have better messages to submit, make sure of the following guidelines:
- Keep the meme references to a minimum.
    - Obvious exceptions apply when it is necessary to apply them (usually when there's a deeper meaning behind the punchline of the meme besides "haha let me share this brainrot/shitpost to easily farm meaningless social media clout").
- Keep the inside jokes to a minimum.
    - Inside jokes applicable to the Geode userbase as a whole are valid; inside jokes applicable to your personal friend group are a separate can of worms I'm not willing to open (go fill out your local copy of `custom.txt` instead).
- Keep the programming jokes to a minimum.
    - You should know why this guideline is here.
- Nothing too long, nothing too short.
- No puns. Go pick up a book on writing well-constructed punchlines instead.
- Do ***NOT*** submit anything generated by Gemini/Bard/Socratic, ChatGPT, DuckAssist, Copilot, or any other chatbot/LLM (regardless of when it was engineered or how its training data was gathered/harvested).
### `brandonrogers.txt` Guidelines
There is an exact process I use to make sure that no quote featured in `brandonrogers.txt` is too vague to understand or too difficult to find. Below are the specifics of that process as best as I can articulate them:
- Quotes *must* be from Brandon Rogers' YouTube channel *only*.
    - No Instagram, no Snapchat, no (archives of) Vine. TikTok is a bit of an edge case; check a bit deeper into the list from time to time for updates.
    - Quotes from YouTube videos that may feature Brandon Rogers (but aren't uploaded under his channel) will be ignored. Examples range from episodes of Helluva Boss/Hazbin Hotel, to interviews/podcasts of any length, to mini-sketches from Joe Vulpis.
    - Conditional TikTok exception: if the TikTok video also exists on YouTube in some form (either as part of a longer video as seen towards the end of [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfJspgtK8r4) or [as a mirror upload](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckvNvjWsD7w)) and meets the other guidelines in this section, it will be allowed. [This rule will likely be a bit more lenient depending on how the US Congress goes about banning TikTok.]
- Quotes must be spoken by either Brandon Rogers himself or by a character he portrays.
    - While outtakes technically straddle the fine line between these two categories, they are allowed nonetheless.
- Videos being sourced for quotes must be publicly accessible (ignoring monetization status or potential age restrictions).
    - Archives/reuploads of formerly accessible content are not valid sources for quotes. There's a reason why certain videos are deleted; no need to violate someone's personal boundaries just to submit a silly little sentence.
    - Unlisted videos exception: If the video being sourced is marked as unlisted but still belongs to Brandon Rogers' channel, it must be part of the ["YOU BROKE THE NEWS" series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiC9gh5C5w0)—no further exceptions.
